---
layout: post
title: THINGS YOU WISH YOU COULD SAY AT WORK
---
<pre>Another one of those funny emails that should be shared....<br /><br />1. Ahhh...I see the fuck-up fairy has visited us again... <br /><br />2. I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce. <br /><br />3. How about never? Is never good for you? <br /><br />4. I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public. <br /><br />5. I'm really easy to get along with once you people learn to worship me. <br /><br />6. I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter. <br /><br />7. I'm out of my mind, but feel free to leave a message... <br /><br />8. I don't work here. I'm a consultant. <br /><br />9. It sounds like English, but I can't understand a word you're saying. <br /><br />10. I can see your point, but I still think you're full of shit. <br /><br />11. I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid. <br /><br />12. You are validating my inherent mistrust of strangers. <br /><br />13. I have plenty of talent and vision. I just don't give a damn. <br /><br />14. I'm already visualizing the duct tape over your mouth. <br /><br />15. I will always cherish the initial misconceptions I had about you. <br /><br />16. Thank you. We're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view. <br /><br />17. The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist. <br /><br />18. Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental. <br /><br />19. What am I? Flypaper for freaks! <br /><br />20. I'm not being rude. You're just insignificant. <br /><br />21. It's a thankless job, but I've got a lot of Karma to burn off. <br /><br />22. Yes, I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial. <br /><br />23. No, my powers can only be used for good. <br /><br />24. You sound reasonable... Time to up the medication. <br /><br />25. Who me? I just wander from room to room. <br /><br />26. And your crybaby whiny-butt opinion would be...? <br /><br />27. Do I look like a people person? <br /><br />28. This isn't an office. It's Hell with fluorescent lighting. <br /><br />29. I started out with nothing &amp; still have most of it left. <br /><br />31. You!... Off my planet! <br /><br />32. Does your train of thought have a caboose? <br /><br />33. Errors have been made. Others will be blamed. <br /><br />34. A PBS mind in an MTV world. <br /><br />35. Allow me to introduce my selves. <br /><br />36. Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed. <br /><br />37. Well, this day was a total waste of makeup. <br /><br />38. Not all men are annoying. Some are dead. <br /><br />39. I'm trying to imagine you with a personality. <br /><br />40. A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door. <br /><br />41. Stress is when you wake up screaming &amp; you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet. <br />42. Can I trade this job for what's behind door #1? <br /><br />43. Too many freaks, not enough circuses. <br /><br />44. Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it? <br /><br />45. Chaos, panic, &amp; disorder - my work here is done. <br /><br />46. How do I set a laser printer to stun? <br /><br />47. I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted the paychecks. <br /><br />48. If I throw a stick, will you leave? <br /><br />49. Sarcasm is just one more service we offer. </pre>