---
layout: post
title: Getting a temporary filename the easy way - feedback
date: 2006-05-04 17:11
author: chrispelatari
comments: true
categories: [csharp]
---

<blockquote>
  <div class="comment_author"><a>Jerry Pisk</a></div>
  <div class="comment_content">Path.GetTempFileName() guarantees that you will get
  an available name, it does actually go ahead and create the file so it is
  guaranteed to be yours when you use it. If you strip the extension off and
  substitute your own you may end up overwriting an existing file. Not a smart
  thing to do.</div></blockquote>
In my case, I just really want the filename. Whether or not I change the
extension, that file is <strong>mine </strong>to do with what I will. Also,
since it's not in the same folder as the originating file, it can be the exact
same name, extension and all, and it will still be a different file that what
was generated by the framework. I <em>should </em>take care of file cleanup, and
that zero byte file <em>is </em>still in the temp directory...
<blockquote>
  <div class="comment_author"><a>Paul Welter</a></div>
  <div class="comment_content">Be aware the GetTempFileName() actually creates a
  zero byte file in the temp folder. Your code will leave the temp file behind
  in the temp folder. If you use that a lot, you will end up with a lot of files
  in the temp folder.</div></blockquote>
true! So, maybe I was a little quick to post about this one, but it was one
of those things that struck me as particularly useful. If you just want a
temporary filename, and want to clean up the file that is created by
GetTempFileName(), perhaps this will work a little better:

```csharp
string GetTempFileName(){
	string filename = Path.GetTempFileName();

	File.Delete(filename);

	return Path.GetFileNameWithoutExtension(filename);
}
```

Okay y'all...rip it to shreds :) If I've missed something else obvious, call
me out. Or, if you have a preferred method of generating temporary file names,
show the way.
